TINY-8860: Correctly merge pre content from paste (#7999)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- An exception was thrown when deleting all content if the start or end of the document had a `contenteditable="false"` element #TINY-8877
- When a sidebar was opened using the `sidebar_show` option, its associated toggle button was not highlighted #TINY-8873
- The `autolink` plugin when converting a URL to a link did not fire an `ExecCommand` event, nor did it create an undo level #TINY-8896
- Worked around a Firefox bug whereby cookies weren't available inside the editor content #TINY-8916

> - Pasting styled `pre` content into a `pre` block now correctly merges content #TINY-8860

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pasting `pre` content into a `pre` block that had inline styles or was noneditable now correctly merges content #TINY-8860
```
